if they become separated they can easily
drown
[Music]
oh my god one is gone
the mothers try in vain but they can't
contain all three as they save one
another washes away
Oh God still going and the baby is gone
soon all three are being swept
downstream fast through the crocodile
infested waters
the currents even too much for the
mothers
they have to let their babies go
[Applause]
you can't see how they can possibly
survive
you can hear the poor female okay no no
no like all the pixie Mazar running
okay one baby's out this year the other
one is here Wow there are two babies
actually here wow they're really tough
come on big females come in
please don't move
oh they're coming down
I hope they will save them because they
will get tired and if a crop grabs them
back
the poor mothers just don't know what to
do they have no way of lifting them out
and David can't even help
[Music]
oh come on females get in and save the
babies
[Music]
the riverbank is shir and the babies are
weak and terrified
[Music]
oh man that is so relieving
it's so joyful to see all of them again
coming back together
you